[Keyboard] ZSA Voyager (#22181)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/zsa/voyager/readme.md

# Voyager

> A next-gen split, ergonomic keyboard with an active left side, USB type C, integrated wrist rest, and a thumb cluster that can move.

Reviewer: This seems to refer to the features of the Moonlander.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [drashna](https://github.com/drashna), [ZSA](https://github.com/zsa/)
* Hardware Supported: Voyager (STM32F303xC)
* Hardware Availability: [ZSA Store](https://zsa.io/voyager/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make zsa/voyager:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make zsa/voyager:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Voyager Customization

### Indicator LEDs

> There are 6 functions for enabling and disabling the LEDs on the top of the boards. The functions are `ML_LED_1(bool)` through `ML_LED_6(bool)`, with the first LED being the left most LED on the left hand, and the sixth LED being the right most LED on the right side. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 4 functions for enabling and disabling the LEDs on the side of the boards. The functions are `STATUS_LED_1(bool)` through `STATUS_LED_4(bool)`, with the first LED being the left most LED on the left hand, and the fourth LED being the right most LED on the right side. 
```
